Fix timelock operation hash (release) (#1313)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed (Breaking)

> - TimelockComponent `hash_operation` to use `hash_operation_batched` for single operations (#1313)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TimelockComponent `hash_operation` to use `hash_operation_batch` for single-call operations (#1313)
```
